♪ In Massachusetts. only 30 minutes...
What are you doing?
Cooking.
You can't keep breaking in here.
I didn't. I have the keys now.
Sue left me The Tavern.
Remember?
What are you trying to do?
I'm trying to finish this sauce.
but you're kind of distracting me.
Stop it.
♪ You were hangin' out all the time ♪
♪ I didn't mean to scare you ♪
♪ Just had the thoughts...
Don't you want to taste it?
♪ They showed up to my door ♪
♪ My parents didn't know...
Look. you don't just get to show up here
and act like you own this place.
Oh. but I do.
I own The Tavern.
And I own you. Sam.
Oh. wow.
I've had it a few months.
Just been waiting for our schedules
to ease up
so that we could get away somewhere nice.
you know. like Napa. Big Sur.
but we've just been working. and then.
you know. Mom got worse
and... moment never came.
And you think
now's the right moment to propose?
-Yeah.
-I mean. the week of your mom's funeral
doesn't scream romance.
The whole point of memorials
is to celebrate life.
And not just the life
of the person you lost.
No. we have to seize what joy we can.
Mom believed that.
More importantly. she believed
in finding the people you love.
So. yeah. I mean. she loved Taylor.
This is the time.
I'm ready to start
the next chapter of my life.
Why should I wait?
Only this isn't just the week
of your mom's funeral. right?
What do you mean?
Percy's back.
Very observant.
-Yeah. it's just...
-No. no. no. I know what you're trying
to say. but you're wrong.
I don't have feelings for Percy.
Yeah. but you used to. and no way her
being back here doesn't confuse things.
Hell. it confuses me.
Look. if that were the case.
why would I be proposing?
'Cause it'll settle things.
Only it wouldn't.
It'd be like repainting and acting
like there's no black mold in the walls.
You're comparing Percy to black mold?
Yeah. I'm a motel owner.
It's all I think about.
Look. does Percy being back
bring up old memories?
Sure.
Yeah. but that's all they are.
They're memories. it's the past.
and in a few days. she's gonna be gone.
Not really.
what with her getting The Tavern.
Charlie and I are contesting the will.
Why?
Neither you or Charlie want it.
Just move on.
It's our family restaurant. Jordie.
and I am moving on.
I'm asking Taylor to marry me.
Uh-huh.
Look. I will never find
a person better suited for me.
Also. I was expecting
a little more support from my best friend.
And as of this moment.
I am all aboard the Taylor train.
Choo choo!
So. when are you gonna do it?
Tonight.
She's back today.
So. if by some
egregious miscarriage of justice.
Percy does get The Tavern. she's also
not getting the 18-year-old Macallan.
No. no. no. too early for me.
Dude. you're about to propose.
We have to toast.
Did he tell you?
Yeah. uh. it's... awesome. right?
You kidding?
He's never gonna do better than Taylor.
And who else is gonna carry on
the Florek name?
'Cause it sure ain't gonna be me.
For which we're all thankful.
You just got to find the right person.
Little brother. we are different beasts.
Now. while I can celebrate
your willingness
to make this till-death commitment.
I would rather swallow hot lava.
So...
To Sam and Taylor.
-May the sex never be routine.
-Jesus.
And may you be very happy.
You deserve it.
I love you. Sammy.
Love you. man.
Right.
I'm gonna go see Mom's lawyer.
figure out if there's a way to stop Percy
from stealing our birthright.
Later. virgins.
♪ Oh. don't you dare look back...
Happy fucking New Year!
♪ She said. "Shut up and dance with me" ♪
♪ This woman is my destiny ♪
♪ She said.
"Ooh-hoo. shut up and dance with me..."
Oh. gosh.
I shouldn't be here. I shouldn't.
What?!
What are you talking about?
-Of course you should be here.
-It feels pathetic. I'm pathetic.
No. you are Persephone Fraser.
You're a writer and you're beautiful.
That defies. like. the laws of nature.
And also. you are here to show Sam Florek
what an idiot he was
for breaking up with you.
"Oh. I'm a junior. I'm under
so much pressure. wah. wah."
Okay. but he does need a scholarship.
Uh. no. do not. no.
Do not take his side.
Remember. the mission is to rub it in
his face of how much you don't need him.
-Mm-hmm.
-'Cause you have
an absolutely gorgeous new boyfriend.
♪ Just keep your eyes on me...
If you weren't dating him. I...
Mason's your cousin.
We're related. but I'm not blind.
He is really cute.
Mm. Do you think he's gonna. like.
sneak into your room tonight?
Oh. he'd better not.
My mom's gonna be listening out
for any creaking floorboards.
It was hard enough to get her
to let me invite a boy.
I am surprised they let him come.
See. even they want to rub
your new hottie in Sam's face.
Again. he's your cousin.
and. yeah. I-I think they're just glad
I'm not moping around the house anymore.
Hey. we all are.
Now go have sex with him
so that you can tell me how it is.
Okay. now this is definitely weird.
and. no. it's been a month.
I'm nowhere near ready.
Are you kidding me?
I didn't know you guys were coming.
Wow. you guys look amazing.
Sam know you're here?
Uh. no. uh. we haven't... No.
Hey. he's an asshole.
I told him. "Dude. you're a fucking idiot
for breaking up with Percy."
For some reason. he didn't think
I was a credible source for dating advice.
Oh. imagine that.
Is he coming tonight?
Yeah. Mom's making him.
It's kind of a family tradition
to ring in New Year's at The Tavern.
Also. she says that he hasn't been
out of his room all fall.
He says he's been studying. which.
being a total fucking loser. I believe.
He's not just jacking off to porn.
College has just really matured you. huh?
Hasn't it? But seriously. he's an idiot.
So. uh. how's University of Toronto?
Amazing. One. it's not Barry's Bay. Two...
Please don't say all the girls.
U of T doesn't have girls.
It has women.
That's lame.
And three. I finally found my calling.
Finance.
Your calling is finance?
Well. what finance leads to...
being richer than shit.
Okay. well. I guess that's a goal.
Which I wholeheartedly approve of.
-Thank you. Delilah.
-Mm-hmm.
Here you go.
-Thanks.
Mason. this is Charlie.
He's an old friend from Barry's Bay.
Charlie. this is Mason.
my cousin and Percy's boyfriend.
♪ Shut up and dance with me ♪♪
Nice to meet you. man.
Likewise.
And Sam doesn't...
No.
Well... this should be interesting.
♪ Every little bird's gotta learn to fly ♪
♪ Are you feelin' scared.
alone in the sky? ♪
♪ Can you wait for me
at the edge of the night? ♪
Sam.
Happy New Year.
Hi. yeah.
I. uh. didn't know you were coming.
Yeah. yeah. my parents wanted to come see
Barry's Bay in the winter. so...
♪ Let's fly to the edge of an ocean...
Where are my manners?
Mason. this is my brother Sam.
Sam. Mason. Percy's boyfriend.
Sam. nice to meet you.
♪ At the edge of an ocean ♪
♪ Meet me at the edge...
Shake his hand. derp.
-Sorry. yeah. you. too.
-I'm gonna go get a drink.
Uh. Mason. you should talk to Sam.
-You guys actually have a lot in common.
-Cool.
♪ It's a dusky road.
and we crave the light...
So. you. um.
you grew up around Barry's Bay?
♪ I don't like the way
he's lookin' at you ♪
♪ I'm startin' to think
you want him. too ♪
♪ Am I crazy? Have I lost ya? ♪
♪ Even though I know you love me.
can't help it ♪
♪ I turn my chin music up...
Thought you guys might need a refill.
Yeah. thanks. man.
♪ Red in the face...
So. have you written any new stories?
Oh. no. I've been busy.
Wait. you write. you write stories?
I mean. it's just a hobby.
What? No. it's not just a hobby.
Percy is an incredible writer.
I mean. you've really never read
any of her stories?
-No.
-Sam.
Wait. how long have you guys been dating?
Uh. what. like a month?
And she's never mentioned
that she was a writer?
No.
Can we talk about something else?
Oh. she's self-conscious.
It's just that she's so good.
Sam. Mason doesn't want
to hear about that stuff.
Do you. do you want to hear
about Percy's writing?
Yeah. No. I-I would.
My favorite story...
oh. it's so hard.
Um. probably "Young Blood."
♪ Just for me...
So. tell me
who you've been dating.
♪ That's right...
-No one special.
-Mm.
So that means you're seeing
multiple girls at once.
Oh. no. I'm sorry. women.
You know what's funny?
Hmm?
I'm so happy to be done with Barry's Bay.
Finally out in the world.
But there's some things...
and some people...
that the outside world
just can't match.
Well. I could've told you that.
I'm gonna get us some more champagne.
♪ I still get jealous ♪♪
Okay. you're serious?
She's never once made you watch
a horror movie?
No. no. I didn't even know
she was into that stuff.
He's making it
a much bigger deal than it is.
-Okay?
-Yeah. right.
Wait till she makes you watch
the entire Halloween cycle
or all 12 Friday the 13ths?
Or... deeper cut.
Killer Klowns from Outer Space.
What? No.
-That's not a real movie.
-Oh. I promise you. it is.
-Sam. you need to stop.
-Come on. he deserves
to know that his girlfriend is going
to become the next Stephen King.
that she's read
the entire Dark Tower series twice.
she once wrote this 10.000-word blog post
about how Guillermo del Toro is overrated.
she has this figurine of Jeff Goldblum
on her dresser from The Fly. and.
well. of course you know
her favorite book.
Wait. you do know. right?
You haven't told him...?
Frankenstein.
Because Mary Shelley was 19
when she wrote it and a genius.
A girl wrote that?
Sam. can I talk to you. please?
-What the fuck is wrong with you?
-I'm sorry. I...
Why are you being such an asshole?
I just wasn't expecting that. okay?
You show up with a boyfriend?
Oh. really?
Maybe that's something you should have
thought about before you broke up with me.
-I can date who I want. Sam.
-I know that.
You made that very clear.
-I know.
-Then what are you talking about?
You just... you didn't have
to bring him here. did you.
to Barry's Bay. to my family's restaurant?
You wanted to rub this in my face.
Oh. so what?
It was a shitty thing you did.
breaking up with me for no reason.
Percy. it wasn't for no reason.
Yes. I get it. school's important.
but you made the decision all by yourself
that I was going to stand in the way.
-You didn't even give me a chance.
-I thought
it would be too hard trying
to stay together long-distance.
You should have trusted me.
You should have trusted us.
And I see that now.
-Percy...
-Oh. no. no. no.
No. you do not get to do that.
You don't get to dump me and then feel bad
and want me back
when you see me with someone else.
So that's it?
You made your choice. Sam.
I need to go and find my boyfriend.
♪ And it knows I'm imagining things ♪
♪ I wonder if it's time to explore it ♪
♪ Turn these thoughts
into matter with me ♪
Delilah.
I didn't know you were here.
-Yeah.
-You're alone?
-Eight. seven. six...
-Apparently. What-what about you?
-Yeah. uh. flying solo these days.
-five. four.
three. two. one!
Happy New Year!
-You wanna?
-Sure.
♪ Your laughter. your loving touch ♪
♪ Such a gift to me...
There you are.
Are you okay?
♪ A special place in my heart ♪♪
Where are you with The Tavern?
-Is it wrong to keep it?
-No.
Sue wanted you to have it.
I just worry it'll make things weirder
with me and Sam.
Okay. well.
Sam is leaving in a few days. and you
and him cannot be in a relationship
for a lot of reasons.
So my legal opinion...
What the fuck does it matter?
It's about more than just Sam.
It's about... it's about the person
that I want to be...
-Mm.
-or think I could be.
I-I think Barry's Bay could be
good for me.
-Yeah.
-But also...
But also? Oh. I don't like that.
-Oh. nothing.
-No.
-Percy.
-Mm-mm.
What? You want me to say
some small childish part of me thought
that when I came back. he'd tell me he'd
always loved me and we'd end up together?
Yes. small part of me did.
Mm-hmm.
Only you know
he's with Beautiful Doctor Lady.
Yes. I know. and if he found out
-what I did...
-Ten years ago.
He'd hate me forever.
So it doesn't matter.
Make the decision for you.
Hi.
-Hey.
-Hey. Jordie.
You guys good?
-Yeah.
-Mm-hmm.
You okay?
Yeah. totally.
-Lying.
-Uh. Chantal.
No. I-I've sat through thousands of hours
of depositions and interviews.
He's lying very badly.
Sorry.
Yeah. it's fine. uh. just something
I don't think I'm supposed to talk about.
-Then you shouldn't.
-Yeah. uh. absolutely.
especially if it has to do
with Percy and The Tavern.
Yeah. no. it doesn't. like. at all.
Sam and Percy?
No. it's Sam and not Percy.
so maybe just leave it there.
So. Sam and someone else?
Charlie? His mom?
-Seriously. Chantal.
-Sam and Taylor?
Sam and Taylor are breaking up.
No. uh. like the opposite.
The opposite?
What is the opposite?
Oh. he's proposing?
-What?
-Oh. fucking A.
Is this what you do?
Yeah. but you're also just very easy.
Wait. wait. when is he proposing?
Is-is Taylor coming back?
Today?
-He's proposing today?
-Yeah.
You don't seem like you feel
too good about that.
It's interesting.
Well. how I feel about it
is that. uh. Sam thinks it's right
and I. as his friend. support him.
Lying again.
Please... don't tell anyone.
-You're terrifying.
-Thank you.
-You okay?
-Yeah. yeah. of course. yeah.
I mean. I knew he had a ring. and it's not
like. it's not like we can be together.
Right? So...
I need to sit down.
Um. I-I barely know Sam.
and his girlfriend not at all.
but proposing the same week
of your mom's funeral.
the same week that his.
his childhood soulmate reappears. it's...
there's panic written all over it.
No. I can't go down some rabbit hole of-of
thinking that Sam's making a mistake.
or worse. that he-he's doing this
because of me.
Okay. but can we at least admit
that the timing is suspicious?
No. Sam and I. we don't have.
we don't have a future.
Not now. not ever.
-Percy...
-No. no. I'm. really. I'm fine. I'm fine.
I just. I need to take a walk.
Um. I'll meet you back at the motel. okay?
Okay.
Have you seen Sam yet?
No. I told you. I just got here.
Wait. so he wasn't there to greet you
when you arrived?
No. I mean. he wouldn't have known
I was coming.
We haven't spoken since New Year's.
I thought you two were so connected.
he would have sensed
that you dumped Mason.
which was a big mistake. by the way.
That boy is so into you.
I just...
He's...
Not Sam?
Exactly.
Percy. he does not deserve you. okay?
You are so much better than that.
I just...
Whatever.
I'm gonna be there in a week
so that you're not alone.
-Oh. God.
-What. what?
-God. God.
-What?
I think I saw him.
-Huh?
-I think I saw Sam. but I-I'm not sure.
-I think it was him.
-So. are you. like. hiding from him?
Do you have a zit?
Percy.
Hi. sorry.
I-I thought that was you.
When did you get here?
I got to go.
-Oh. just today.
-What?
I wish I would've known.
I would've been there to greet you.
So. how have you been?
Good. good. yeah. yeah. just-just busy.
you know. with school
and The Tavern and...
Look. I wanted to apologize
for New Year's.
-Oh. you don't have to.
-No. I do.
I was a complete jerk. and you're right.
you can date whoever you want.
I was just jealous.
Really. jealous?
Yeah. yeah. and it was completely unfair
to you. and I'm.
I'm really. really sorry.
It's okay. Sam.
Thank you.
Also. I just missed
talking to you.
Me. too.
I really hope we can hang out this summer.
I-I mean. the four of us.
The four of us?
Yeah. yeah. you know. you and Mason.
if he comes back to visit.
and me and my girlfriend.
Oh. yeah. sure. okay. fun.
Yeah.
All right. well. I have
to get to The Tavern.
My shift's about to start. but...
I'm glad you're back.
Yeah.
What happened?
Tell Mason I need
to get back together with him.
and bring him with you
when you come. okay?
Hi. Percy.
Drew. what are you doing here?
Oh. him and Jake and some of their buddies
decided to go on a little fishing trip.
and then he thought he would surprise me.
Isn't that fun?
I figured she might need new clothes.
Which I appreciate.
but. um. that's not all he brought.
He's sick?
Why am I worried about having children
when I already have one?
-He means well.
-Of course he means well.
He is a kind and sweet person.
It is why I love him. but he is a child.
and I don't want to be his mommy.
It's fine. I feel...
I'm-I'm better. it's fine.
How are you with the Sam of it all?
Oh. I'm fine.
Mm-hmm.
Don't lie to me.
I'm not lying.
Mm-hmm?
Okay. I'm not fine. but I will be.
I just need a distraction.
Chantal. hey. I thought
this was the right room.
Percy. hi.
Dude. are you taking a nap?
Yeah. he's sick. he's gonna be
in here for a while. so you should go on.
Or I could hang out.
see if he feels better.
Doubtful.
You know what?
I'm gonna show you around the town.
I know all the secret spots.
It's gonna be really fun.
-Cool.
-Ex-Excuse me.
-Sorry.
-What?
No. you cannot just fuck
your bad feelings away.
Chantal. honey. watch me.
-Shall we?
-We shall.
♪ My friends are the stars...
-How do I look?
-For the tenth time. you look amazing.
Relax.
Hi. Welcome to The Tavern.
-For three?
-Yeah.
Is Sam working? Can we be in his section?
We're friends.
S-Sure. Yeah.
I'm really glad you were able to come.
Should I pretend I wasn't basically
staring at my phone.
waiting for you to call?
You are very charming.
I know.
But it's true.
Oh. Thank you.
Wait. so are we gonna see that guy
who kept talking about
your love of horror?
What?
Doesn't his family own this restaurant?
Oh. yeah. Unfortunately.
there's. like. nowhere else to eat.
-And his name is...
-Sam.
Hey. Delilah. good to see you.
-Mason. welcome back.
-What's up. man?
Wait. are you our waiter?
-Yeah.
-We'll come here every day.
Me. Percy and Mason.
Mm. Cool.
How long you guys in town?
Uh. Delilah's here for a month.
and Mason can only stay a few days.
He's been invited to this super
competitive hockey camp in Chicago.
-It's not that big of a deal.
-Uh. it is.
It's the top 50 players in the country.
-Mm-hmm.
-He's being modest.
Well. sounds way better than working here.
carrying out the thousandth order
of burgers and fries.
Your summer can't be all that bad.
I hear you have a new girlfriend.
Uh. yeah. Yeah. Lake.
Your girlfriend's name is Lake.
and you live on a lake?
Yeah. she's heard all the jokes.
Anyway. you guys met her.
She's the hostess.
Oh.
So...
so you guys work together?
You see each other every day?
Yeah. pretty much.
Okay. well. I'm gonna get you guys
some waters while you decide.
Here. take your time.
He's much cooler than at New Year's.
He was kind of a prick.
I'll be right back. Bathroom.
Percy. Hey. You're back.
-Hey. Jordie.
-You. uh. you alone?
Yeah.
I mean. no. Uh. Delilah's here.
Cool. cool. Uh. so...
is she seeing anyone?
-No. Not right now.
-Oh.
You met Lake?
Yeah. How long have
she and Sam been dating?
Wouldn't call it "dating."
I mean. she's been after him all year.
and once she started working here. I mean.
our boy's only flesh and blood.
Oh. So-so. it isn't serious?
-Not that I. you know. care.
-No. no. no. no.
Can you imagine saying.
"I love you. Lake"?
Be like saying.
"I love you. Cloud."
Or. "I love you. Tree."
I don't know.
I love you.
I should've said that
the moment I saw you.
And I missed you so much.
I love you. too. And I missed you.
Gosh. it feels like you've been gone
longer than two days.
A lot's happened.
Yeah. I mean. all that stuff with Percy
and The Tavern. I mean. are you...
are you doing okay?
Yeah. well. we're contesting the will.
so we'll see.
Why do you think your mom did it?
I wish I knew.
Sam. I'm really trying not to be
a jealous girlfriend here. but
do you think your mom wanted you and Percy
to get back together?
No. absolutely not.
Look. she made her will in 2021.
If she wanted me back with Percy.
she had five years to tell me that.
I mean. how can you be sure?
I mean. she told Charlie
to invite her to the funeral.
Okay. Look. my mom cared about her.
but that doesn't matter.
Because whatever happens
with Percy and The Tavern.
that's the past.
You're my future.
I like the sound of that.
I have got something very special
planned for tonight.
Oh. Okay.
-I'm gonna take your stuff upstairs.
-Sounds good.
Fuck!
Fucking fuck!
I take it the meeting
with the lawyer did not go well.
"Sue Florek was of sound mind"
and body when she drafted the will.
"The chances of you
successfully contesting are zero."
No. it did not go well.
Well... I guess that's that.
Hold on.
Charlie. it's clear
Percy's getting The Tavern.
I'll just deal with her now. That's all.
It's just business.
-Delilah. I'm not done fighting.
-Why do you care if she gets it?
Didn't you want to sell it?
Because this belongs to me and Sam.
We deserve the money. not her.
Look. I understand that your mom's choice
is very confusing.
-Um...
-I don't even care about the money.
I just... Why didn't she want us
to have it? I don't...
I...
Look. tell Whit I will think of something.
Well. Whit is no longer a factor
in The Tavern.
Or the rest of my life. so...
What're you talking about?
Whit and I are over.
That's not been easy to admit. but...
here I am.
Ready to say it out loud. so...
I guess I'm... happy for you?
Thank you. It's a good thing.
But I should say.
I'm not looking for a relationship.
No. Charlie. I'm not. um...
You were like a means to an end.
like. sort of a Band-Aid
to make it all better
while the wounds healed.
Thank you.
I'm saying. no one goes
to Charlie Florek for a relationship.
You're just a big. beautiful boy.
Anyway. I guess now
is as good a time as any
to just... end things.
Wait a sec. Delilah.
I do not regret a moment.
Except for... maybe that one time
in your truck.
I will talk to Percy about The Tavern.
Yes?
How do you turn down the thermostat?
Have you first tried taking off a blanket?
Oh.
That's better.
Okay. I have to work. I-I got to go.
-Chantal?
-What is it?
I forgot our Prime password.
I put it in your notes app. Okay. Bye.
-I'm not gonna interrogate you.
-What?
Oh. Hey. I didn't see you there.
Mm.
Why are you working out here?
Oh. uh. my fiancé came to visit.
and he's in our room. in bed. sick. so...
Um...
"Is there anything to eat?"
I will order you Postmates.
Yeah. we don't have Postmates
in Barry's Bay.
That's wonderful. That's...
What do you have?
Relax. I'll bring some soup by.
Jordie. don't.
-You don't have to do that.
-Oh. I am the owner
of this establishment.
and your happiness is my priority.
And speaking of. are you doing okay?
I'm just a bit hungover.
-Hungover?
-Mm-hmm.
Well. well. well. Letting your hair down.
No. not like that. I was just.
I was keeping Percy company.
Right. And how's she doing anyway?
With the Sam news?
Oh. Percy is pretty good
at her coping mechanisms.
You know. I hate to say.
-I'm really glad Drew got sick.
-Uh-huh.
How'd you find this spot anyway?
Oh. I used to come here
when I was younger.
God.
How many lucky guys
got to enjoy this spot with you?
Hey. I was joking.
Percy?
Percy? Hey.
I can't do this anymore.
-Wait. what?
-It just isn't right.
Jesus. am I finally growing up?
This sucks.
I don't understand.
I know. I'm-I'm sorry.
I'll walk you back to town.
You are being an idiot.
Did I get the order wrong?
It's-it's my first day. so...
-Oh. my God.
-What?
I mean this. Being a waitress.
I'm in Barry's Bay all summer.
-I needed a job.
-Oh. please.
Your plan to make Sam jealous failed.
I know that you thought
being so close to him with your...
bodies rubbing up against each other.
day after day. in a hot. steamy kitchen
would make him realize
he wanted you. but...
Okay. I did not think that.
Okay. I...
I know that's not gonna happen.
but maybe we can be friends.
Does he at least know that
you broke up with Mason. again?
Hasn't come up.
-Make a move.
-No. he still has a girlfriend.
Also. last summer. I made the move.
It's his turn.
Okay. but he may not.
Then what? You'll have wasted
your entire summer. Percy.
I give up. You're hopeless.
Also. you forgot my curly fries. Love you.
♪ Nah. nah. nah ♪
♪ Oh. no ♪
♪ See you walking around
like it's a funeral ♪
♪ Not so serious. girl.
why those feet cold? ♪
♪ We just getting started ♪
♪ don't you tiptoe. tiptoe...
Here. I got it.
♪ Don't waste time with a masterpiece ♪
♪ You should be rolling with me ♪
-♪ You should be rolling with me ♪
-♪ Ah. ah. ah ♪
♪ You're a real-life fantasy...
-Thanks.
-Yeah.
♪ But you're moving so carefully.
let's start living dangerously ♪
♪ Talk to me. baby...
I am so sorry.
♪ Sweet. sweet craving. whoa-oh.
let's lose our minds...
Okay. No. I-I...
-Truce. truce. Truce.
-Okay. All right.
Truce. I'm gonna take this on my side.
-Mm-hmm.
-You didn't get me so...
Percy!
No!
♪ Keep on hopin' ♪
-♪ we'll eat cake by the ocean ♪♪
-No!
Sam?
We're gonna be late for the movies.
Yeah. right. Um... Sorry.
We were. uh. just doing the dishes.
No. no. We're almost finished.
You should go.
Yeah. Hi.
I'm sorry. Is this weird?
This is definitely weird.
I just. I. uh. I should've called.
I should... I-I can't go to the motel.
Chantal's fiancé's sick.
and I can't go to The Tavern. obviously.
-It's just not a place that I can...
-Inside.
Come on.
I thought. coming back here.
things would be...
different. but also the same.
And I know that makes no sense.
No. of course it does.
You thought all the good things
would still be here
and all the bad stuff would be gone.
Yeah. but all the good stuff is gone.
and it's just the bad. and I-I-I don't
want to feel it. but I can't not.
And I can't even do
what I normally do to distract myself.
-What do you do?
-Hook up with hot guys.
Well... at least that's fun.
Except I couldn't.
Now. I-I can't even feel...
nothing. I...
feel it all.
God. I don't want this.
Percy. what's going on?
Hey. It's me. I'm your friend.
I know.
And I can't believe it.
You're... too forgiving.
It was a long time ago.
But you can trust me. okay?
-Charlie?
-I just have one thing to say.
You think that I am some
stunted. selfish man-child.
-but I am more than that.
-Are you drunk?
Charlie. this is... I don't think
this is the time to do this right now.
I kept The Tavern afloat. I fucking paid
for Sam's med school
and didn't even tell him.
I always tip 25%.
even when the server's a dude
because I am a good person.
I don't care that you used me
to get over Whit.
-Charlie...
-I mean. yeah. the sex was great.
Oh. my God.
Charlie?
You were having an affair with Charlie?
Chantal said it. and I didn't believe it.
Persephone Fraser. I should've known.
Man. if I could change one thing.
do one thing different.
I would go back ten years.
-and I would not...
-Charlie.
I'm sorry. Can you just give us a minute?
-Please?
-No. yeah. please.
-Sorry.
-Take your time.
What is wrong with you?
Do you realize what you were about to do?
Fuck it. Who cares?
I do. And I know you do. too.
Oh. 'cause you and Delilah
are friends again?
Yes. And we had an agreement.
An agreement that
we wouldn't say anything.
but that doesn't mean that you can come
back here and fuck up everyone's lives.
You called me.
And I never asked your mom
to leave me The Tavern.
But you're choosing
to keep it. aren't you?
Tell me this. Percy.
you really think my mom would've given you
The Tavern if she'd known why you left?
So. if you do decide to keep it.
it'll be under false pretenses.
-If Sam knew...
-Charlie.
-Sam can never ever know.
-Yeah. I know that.
I wish I hadn't listened to my mom.
I wish I hadn't called you.
Do you remember
when I first asked you out?
We were on clinical rotations.
it was the last year of med school.
And you pretended that
you wanted to discuss a case.
I was nervous. okay?
But anyways. we. uh.
we kept having to postpone.
-Mm-hmm.
-Your schedule. My schedule.
You know. and then we finally sat down
in the hospital cafeteria
and had that coffee at. like. 2:00 a.m.
Yeah. and we were both too tired
to even talk.
-Yeah. we just sat there.
-Yeah.
It was really nice.
It was.
And I knew. even then.
that this is a person
that I trust. respect.
Who would have my back. always.
I feel the exact same.
This has been such a hard week for me.
I felt scared.
Losing my mom.
-Yeah.
-It's been a lot.
You know. coming home...
I just realized so much
about who I am and what I want.
I mean. I think being back where you
grew up must bring up a lot of feelings.
Yeah. it really has.
Which is why...
there's something
we really need to talk about.
Chantal?
Oh. Yeah. I'm just going to the bathroom.
What do you need?
Nothing.
I'm sorry.
-It's fine.
-You're angry.
I'm not angry. I just. I can't get sick.
And you know that.
Y-You know what my caseload is like.
I didn't get sick on purpose.
Okay. so when you got in the car
with Jake this morning.
and you weren't feeling well.
wasn't a part of you that thought.
"If I get sick.
Chantal will take care of me"?
No.
Maybe.
Drew. this-this is not the person
that I want to be.
Someone who's taking care
of everything and everyone.
But...
that's who you are.
But maybe-maybe I don't want to be that.
Or maybe I don't want to be that
all the time.
Has it ever occurred to you
that. sometimes.
I want to be the one
that's being taken care of?
I would do that.
Just tell me what you need.
I want someone who knows what I need
without me having to say it.
How am I supposed to do that?
I don't know.
If you came to apologize.
Percy's not here.
I think I'm fucked up.
Look. I shouldn't have said
what I said earlier.
It's still true.
No one would go to Charlie Florek
for a real relationship.
Shit. Most of my life.
that's been a point of pride.
But now?
I don't know.
Maybe it's my mom dying. or Sam proposing.
Wait. Sam's proposing? To Taylor?
Well. that explains
why Percy's been spiraling.
But I don't want to be this forever.
Maybe it's time to change.
I know you're in the middle
of a shitstorm with Whit.
But would you want to try? With me?
Look. there have been times...
Most of my life really.
where I would've jumped on that.
But I feel like we both
have work to do. and...
Just. I'm pretty sure
we need to do it on our own.
I'm sorry.
-Hey.
Just headed to get Gatorade
for the patient.
More soup and Gatorade.
Always need Gatorade when you're sick.
-Thank you.
-No problem.
And ice cream for you
in a separate bag so it doesn't melt.
You brought me ice cream?
Uh... Yeah. you seemed
a little out of sorts earlier.
and. uh. I know how much
you love ice cream.
Mint chip. That's my favorite.
Yeah. I remembered.
Anyways. uh. you... I'll text you.
Uh. I mean. you text me...
-Yeah.
-If you need anything.
Okay.
♪ If I tried to find my mind ♪
♪ I don't think I'd find it
where it was before ♪
♪ Like a cough drop in my mouth ♪
♪ meant to heal. but I'm still sore ♪
♪ When it all breaks apart.
I taste the blood...
So this is where you disappear to. huh?
♪ There's always something left behind...
It's quiet.
Beautiful.
Perfect place to read.
Or just sit.
♪ Or something in between ♪
♪ I'm purple leather ♪
♪ I'm feeling everything ♪
♪ Red when my heart stops.
gray then I'm gold...
Why did I have a weird feeling
I'd find you here?
♪ Somebody to hold in this pain...
I was just saying goodbye.
You're leaving?
I have stuff back in Seattle.
Right. Yeah. Mason.
♪ If I knew...
Actually. Mason and I broke up.
When?
Few weeks ago.
Why didn't you tell me?
You're with Lake.
Shouldn't you be with Taylor?
Jordie.
He tried not to tell about the proposal.
but Chantal's like a human waterboard.
Yeah.
Well. Taylor...
is gone.
♪ Or something in between.
I'm purple leather...
Lake accused me of having feelings
for someone else.
What did you say?
♪ But all I really want
is somebody to hold...
She was right.
And then. she told me I had to choose.
I had the ring in my pocket.
I had my speech.
How you might only have
one chance at happiness.
At love.
But what if you don't?
What if you don't get a chance at love?
No.
♪ When they're burning up...
What if it's possible
to get a second chance?
♪ When the stars come out ♪
♪ I'll think of you ♪
I choose you. Percy.
♪ When they're burning up.
I'll be there. too ♪
♪ When the stars come out ♪
♪ I'll think of you ♪
♪ When they're burning up ♪
♪ I'll be there. too...
I want you. Percy.
I want to live an authentic life.
I don't want to live a lie.
I want us.
Sam.
There's something I have to tell you.
♪ Surprises in the night ♪
♪ Won't you have your way? ♪
♪ Open up the door I see ♪
♪ I know you're taken ♪
♪ What is it to you? ♪
♪ Habits just don't fade ♪
♪ Open. overcrowded love ♪
♪ I know you're taken ♪
♪ Need you. want you ♪
♪ I know you're taken ♪♪